Update data-volume.md (#3819)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/sumo-apps/data-volume.md

The Data Volume App provides you with a summary and detailed views of your account's data usage volume by data type, tier, category, collector, source name, and hosts via predefined searches and dashboards.

Before you can install and use the Data Volume app, an administrator must first enable the feature. For more information, see [Enable the Data Volume Index](#enable-the-data-volume-index) below.

The Data Volume Index gathers volume data as soon as it is enabled. It will not gather data from legacy versions or backfill data.

## Enable the Data Volume Index

The Data Volume Index must be enabled by an administrator.

To enable the Data Volume Index:

1. Go to the **Administration** > **Account** > **Data Management** page.
1. Under **Data Volume**, select **Enable**.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/ingestion-volume/data_volume_check_box.png')} alt="Enable Data Volume Index" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800"/>

> A message confirms that the feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see a message confirming that the feature has been enabled.
```
